release_notes: document more breaking changes (#1222)
pynamodb/PynamoDB: docs/release_notes.rst

    for a safe JSON-serializable representation.

* Python 3.6 is no longer supported.
* PynamoDB no longer has a default AWS region (used to be us-east-1) (:pr:`1003`).
  If needed, update your models' `Meta` or set the `AWS_DEFAULT_REGION` environment variable.
* :py:class:`~pynamodb.models.Model`'s JSON serialization helpers were changed:

>   * :code:`to_json` was renamed to :meth:`~pynamodb.models.Model.to_simple_json` (:pr:`1126`). Additionally, :meth:`~pynamodb.models.Model.to_dynamodb_dict`
>     and :meth:`~pynamodb.models.Model.from_dynamodb_dict` were added for safe round-trip serializable to JSON and back.
>   * `pynamodb.util.attribute_value_to_json` was removed (:pr:`1126`)

Author: ```suggestion
  * :code:`to_json` was renamed to :meth:`~pynamodb.attributes.AttributeContainer.to_simple_json` (:pr:`1126`). Additionally, :meth:`~pynamodb.attributes.AttributeContainer.to_dynamodb_dict`
    and :meth:`~pynamodb.attributes.AttributeContainer.from_dynamodb_dict` were added for round-trip JSON serialization.
  * `pynamodb.util.attribute_value_to_json` was removed (:pr:`1126`)
```
